Polls 05 23 (#1769)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Investigate Implementation of an Antalpha Institutional Vault - May 23, 2022.md

**This is a binary vote.** 
- **You may vote for a single option.** 
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

This poll asks whether an Antalpha Institutional Vault should be prioritized for inclusion in the Maker Protocol by the [Core Units](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP38#mip38c2-core-unit-state) and [Domain Teams](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP7#mip7c2-the-current-domain-roles-list). 

Please review the discussion [thread](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-antalpha-institutional-vault/15030) to help inform your position before voting.

## Outcomes

**Regardless of the winning option the following actions will be taken at the conclusion of this poll:**
* An Antalpha Institutional Vault will be added to the [Collateral Status Index](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PDf_CzhGa7mLuOUfX6Bz3WrnCjDRhIjmu-vDZMMw4Qc/edit#gid=1077340672) by the Collateral Engineering Services Core Unit. 
* This Antalpha Institutional Vault will be added with a 'greenlight score' calculated using the outcome of this poll using the formula `Score = 'Yes' Votes - 'No' Votes`

> * The Core Units and Domain Teams will use the Collateral Prioritisation Sheet to direct their work on onboarding new vault-types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Core Units and Domain Teams will use the Collateral Status Index to direct their work on onboarding new vault-types.
```
